Add doc on new NPO features (#289)
ansys/pysimai: doc/source/user_guide/automorphing/configure_automorphing.rst

try using a different geometry from the training data as the baseline (``geometry``).
Always make sure the geometry is clean and of high quality, as issues like mesh errors can negatively impact the optimization process.

Offline token
-----------------------------

The optimization runs server-side. At each iteration, the geometry corresponding to the
current step is uploaded to your workspace. To allow the server to authenticate on your
behalf during this process, you must provide an ``offline_token``.

> Generating the token requires a manual action (a browser login prompt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generating the token requires a manual action from you (a browser login prompt).
```

The ``detail_level`` parameter adjusts how much deformation can be applied to the geometry.
It is an integer from 1 to 10 and defaults to **5** when not provided.

- **Low values** produce coarse deformations with only rough shape changes.
- **High values** allow fine details and subtle local adjustments.

For a given value of ``detail_level``, the deformation refinement remains the same regardless of
the bounding box size. When using multiple bounding boxes, this ensures the same amount of
deformation in each box.

.. code-block:: Python

    detail_level = 4

.. warning::

    The total number of points to be deformed cannot be greater than **6x10⁷**.

Depending on the baseline geometry and bounding boxes, some values of ``detail_level`` may not be achievable.
In those cases, errors are raised indicating the acceptable range:

- If the value is too low:

  .. code-block:: text

      InputValueError: The size of box 'box_id' is too small for the chosen detail level.
      The minimum detail level is 'min_detail_level'.

- If the value is too high:

  .. code-block:: text

      InputValueError: The number of points to be deformed in the geometry ('nb_point') and

>       this detail level ('current_detail_level') might lead to OOM. The maximum detail level is 'max_detail_level'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      this detail level ('current_detail_level') might lead to Out of Memory. The maximum detail level is 'max_detail_level'.
```
